how you handle people that cannot meet their standards. You know, uh,
it is a pyramid structure, our baby. If the nice thing about that is,
all the standards are laid out so annually at the same time. If the
person was told, choose locked out a lot of the peak US requirements
for advancing to rate and take the sacrifice exam and fell to do
that Well, I don't have to recommend you for second class, and they'll
be winding about that. But frankly, one thing that you have to watch
out for is is if you do have a freeloader out there and freeloaders
make a lot of noise. A lot of bravado on the ground toss. Okay,
Usually that means someone else is picking up the spot or that person.
You have to weed that out with your chief petty officer ordered officer
and figure out who's really standing watch, and you've got to
take care of the people that are living up to their arrows going. You've
got to try to take care of those people